README.md, before:

# project-timer

![Your Timer](https://github.com/Jethet/project-timer/blob/master/timerScreenshot.png)

This is a simple timer to set the amount of time to spend on a task. The time is set in minutes. After the time has elapsed, an alert is shown and a sound (windchimes) is played.

The user can set the time and click 'Start' for the timer to run. The user can stop and reset the time as well. The actual time of day is shown in the timer as a reference. Once the counter is started, the running time is displayed on the tab of the browser window.

There is a button to change the colour of the timer. With this button, the user chooses a background colour randomly from some 30 different colours.

The timer has been built with JavaScript, HTML and CSS, working with the DOM. The idea is that the user can use the timer in a browser window, minimize that window somewhere in a corner of their screen, and keep the timer running there.

The font used to display the time is Recurso Sans, an open font used under the ![SIL Open Font License](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/recurso-sans). This font has been chosen to give the numbers the look of stopwatch numbers. The font used for the rest of the text (also on buttons and in input field) is GNU Unifont, a free and open-source bitmap font by ![Roman Czyborra and Paul Hardy](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/gnu-unifont). The icon of the hourglass is an open source icon made by ![Flat Icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/flat-icons).

Commit message:

Add link to GitHub Pages deployment

README.md, after:

# project-timer

![Your Timer](https://github.com/Jethet/project-timer/blob/master/timerScreenshot.png)

This is a simple timer to set the amount of time to spend on a task. The time is set in minutes. After the time has elapsed, an alert is shown and a sound (windchimes) is played.

The user can set the time and click 'Start' for the timer to run. The user can stop and reset the time as well. The actual time of day is shown in the timer as a reference. Once the counter is started, the running time is displayed on the tab of the browser window.

There is a button to change the colour of the timer. With this button, the user chooses a background colour randomly from some 30 different colours.

The timer has been built with JavaScript, HTML and CSS, working with the DOM. The idea is that the user can use the timer in a browser window, minimize that window somewhere in a corner of their screen, and keep the timer running there. The project is deployed with ![GitHub Pages)(https://jethet.github.io/project-timer).

The font used to display the time is Recurso Sans, an open font used under the ![SIL Open Font License](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/recurso-sans). This font has been chosen to give the numbers the look of stopwatch numbers. The font used for the rest of the text (also on buttons and in input field) is GNU Unifont, a free and open-source bitmap font by ![Roman Czyborra and Paul Hardy](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/gnu-unifont). The icon of the hourglass is an open source icon made by ![Flat Icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/flat-icons).
